station
yeah
great terrific there goes my shot at the
Nationals in Hawaii
ouch that's a killer split you're gonna
have to buy new board man yeah right a
new war cost over two grand well look at
the bright side you'll be able to catch
some good race sitting on the beach when
you want to me win that trip to Hawaii
hi guys I just got Andrew your board
it's cutting - thanks for the update dr.
J oh well well it's a it's not that bad
really yeah I'm sure with a little
patchwork here and then there no well
you can always buy and well then the
only thing left to do is to make one
picture make a board right I can make a
board sure you can then I could make it
for less money than buying one then I
could make it lighter and faster and and
then with you guys helping me I'd love
to help you really I would but we're
competitors remember it's not to mention
best friends come on dr. J we're gonna
build us a board Andrew let me guess you
can't help me either
well the Regional Committee called me
this afternoon then they asked me to be
the official timer of the race and you
accepted and if you help me that I'll be
showing favoritism then you do
understand
and Rex
two three four five six seven
I'm on the phone every would you help me
please when he walks into class I just
melt Aaron Aaron Aaron what Aaron would
you hand me the scissors hurry it's
getting hot would you hurry up this is
important like ultra important like the
cutest boy in school important
this stuff's burning a hole through my
jeans important now get me the scissors
look Leslie I gotta go Andrews
overreacting again yeah I call me back
in 15 okay okay yeah bye Thank You
Stephanie what can I do for you man I
have a big favor to ask of you
well actually it's for a ten-year-old
boy named David who I met at the
community center
David has an inoperable brain tumor oh
I'm sorry
how can I help well
Sammy has a fascination with airplanes
especially the f-14 jet fighter now I
know you have many connections consider
it down Admiral Parker at Air Command is
a very good friend of mine we've known
each other since high school
hello this is dr. Benjamin Jeffcoat I
would like to speak with Admiral
Milhouse Parker please yes I'll hold
David's parents are going out for the
evening so I invited him to dinner would
you like to join us
I'd be delighted it might even have
confirmation by then yes hello don't
yell at me I asked you to help me for 15
minutes
my social life could fall apart in 15
minutes sisters Leslie do you think
brothers are a mutant kind of boy mom
I'm really nervous about meeting David I
mean what do i do what do I say just be
yourself be myself right well Admiral
Parker says he would love to help there
was just one little glitch you asked to
get clearance from top brass
I left him your number fine thank you
been huh I wonder where Andrew is I want
to talk to him about David before he
gets here
Thanks if it ever gets finished looks
like you're doing a great job Andrew
how'd you know my name I know your MA
for the community center she invited me
here for dinner
I'm David Oh Andrew oh thanks you one
chef no but I've seen you on TV
well you're not gonna believe this but I
have to get this finished by Saturday
I'm racing in the regionals looks like
you're gonna need some help
I wonder what's keeping David I wonder
what's keeping Parker hello Admiral
Parker yes just a minute hello Leslie
now's not a good time how do I know what
I'm gonna wear on Saturday and don't tie
up the phone for something so dumb how
fast is baby go
you catch 40-knot winds it's like flying
on water there's nothing like it what
about flying in an f-14 at Mach 2 talk
about feeling free you know sometimes if
you catch a good swell you can jump five
six feet out of the water at 14 of
twenty-nine thousand pounds of thrust
zero to sixty thousand feet in two
minutes why do I get the feeling you
like f-14 Tomcats are the best following
machines in the world baby what do they
come in neon green well I'm gonna form
his parents Stephanie
you'll only worry them he's only 20
minutes late sorry mom we got carried
away working on my board
oh no problem I already noticed anyway
and if again an early start tomorrow you
can get that baby flying my new uh guess
you guys know this guy special he knows
more about design and aerodynamics and
most guys on the lake I'm taking him out
with me tomorrow you're gonna take David
windsurfing yeah it's okay isn't it
hello
Sparky oh that's for me hello Admiral
yeah yes Thank You Admiral thank you
very much
all right bye-bye David how would you
like to take a ride in an f-14 on
Saturday
really all right an f-14 how about
getting me a ride - not you Jay
uh-huh well well it's it's kind of a
special request what's so special about
it
couple of bulls or dog they're saying
about less than a year to live
what school well it's not an f-14 but it
is amazing like holding the wind in your
hands when can I try today's probably
not a good day it's it's sense or us job
hasn't been tested it's probably not
safe I know how to swim Clemens you did
it I'm impressed but I dumped a gig
coach fire you cool it okay oh I get it
new board cost you a bundle had to
babysit for some bucks Kirk I'm serious
far too serious I like this guy he's
funny see ya
it's bachelor those shorts what's wrong
with spirited little ankle-biter isn't
he you make a good competitor when you
grow up lucky for both you guys I'm not
competing for I being a wine before you
cross the finish line what do I get the
feeling this kid's right yeah well we'll
meet you at the world cup someday
chopper thanks for not saying anything
it helps keep things normal uh I don't
know how to break this to you but with
Kirk there is no normal what are you
gonna try windsurfing or talk about it
all right
wish I could see a race tomorrow that's
okay I kind of like the idea of you
flying overhead than f-14 while I fly in
the first place
and he's like holding the women in your
hand
thank you how about stress call me crazy
Andrew but is something bothering you
I'm angry I can see that look at all my
superpowers if I can't help David hello
Andrew I don't have an answer for that
and what good is all your knowledge if
it can't even cure his disease I don't
have an answer for that either
believe me a drive I'm as frustrated and
angry as you are but there's nothing we
can do except keep on trying in it and
maybe someday you not want to hear that
crap I know I know
I wish there was something I could say
some direction I could give you but
I don't know if Leslie called I just got
home about a minute ago I didn't come to
collect phone messages Andrew I'm really
sorry about the other day
me too I guess this stuff with David's
got us all thinking yeah would you like
to watch me race tomorrow I could use a
moral support
what I miss going to the movies with all
my friends you're toast
ah it looks terrific good work and good
luck thanks doctor jammer hello hi
natives dr. Jeff comers now Kirk if you
dr. Jeff Kurr I feel you have me all
wrong
hey it's no biggie and to show you what
a forgiving kind of guy I am
if I win I'm taking you to Hawaii with
me well that's extremely generous of you
Kirk did you know that race officials
have absolutely no say as to whether you
win or lose they don't time is the only
judge
I knew that home
Andrew David what are you doing here I'm
cheating him use your grand finale we
were able to reschedule the flight for
tomorrow yeah 14 staying on one more day
come on now hug the carrier board to the
water
boy I can't believe how easy it was to
get through to Admiral Carver I just
mentioned your name and bingo well I am
a renowned scientist highly respected
around the world highly respected for a
daredevil past too Sparky you really
blew up your high school chemistry lab
that was an accident
really sure
I don't believe it we never stood a
chance that guy just blew our doors off
tell me about it David I'm I'm sorry I
wanted to win that one for you are you
kidding
you were awesome that was the best
double wipeout I've ever seen
come on guys let's get these boards
hey Andrew how you doing shredder just
great should've seen me today I was
flying through the clouds doing barrels
we hit my to even about to wear a
parachute David your mom told me so I
was feeling a little down today look oh
another time but you could have gone
yesterday no way miss your race but why
me I don't know because you're different
all they're all protective they are my
friend you know I've never met anyone
like you before I've learned a lot of
things like what like you can't swim as
well as you said you could but hey can I
float
David come on
where are we going
now about fine if you really want
something to happen come on Andrew what
are you doing you've got a grab on with
both hands
and make it happen
Damon even though
get back to Jay and it's not here
I didn't come to see him I came to see
you you want alone no boss only do your
homework no I love are my Jeep no I want
to be your assistant honest you just
want to learn that's it that's it
and I figured who better to learn from
them and search smartest man in the
world fourth it's never too late to turn
over a new leaf you can start by
cleaning my fish tank
hello guest dr. Jeff coat the team
science fair again needs of course I've
heard of you
well I would be honored to judge it
really $5,000 any kid would want to take
part